some over there wake
up
bit
[Music]
bitcho wait huh where was We At Last was
at Soho House membership [__] membership
membership [__] only members only bro
you can't get in bro you ain't a
member I need a hoodie or
something thought La was really Happ
we're not at the right
[Music]
location where these
[__] you C
at this little [__] at this party and I
told her
yo she drunk
on all right n don't Jesus F let's good
cup for now I know you going to run into
something
else
got got asck it's been too long crazy
actually crazy
up good man
there's don't you have like
cages down there or something or over
there you
have go down there yeah we can I'm
trying to check out this [__]
though yo Tao what's up bro
what's up talking to the
camera
practicing I don't know how to
talk you got to talk to the camera like
you're talking to the fans yeah facts
what's this area
called
belir actually belir about to shoot the
B I ain't going to lie this some hidden
BTS bro these these label heads be mad
pushy bro they be trying Force I'm not
trying to shoot the vid in your
garden in the farm in the farm I'm not a
farmer you could be you could be picking
lemons in the video Yeah potato
juice she was so G for
that that [__] up there look
crazy
yeah look
SOS Wi-Fi only
DJ
reny you know certified come on free
slap free
sex free
game they got a free thug free all the
slimes we in the Hills right now bro
waiting for Osama where is Osama dude n
we already shoot that vid tonight okay
we ready shoot we not like you we're
gonna shoot we not like you it's a movie
Tao behind it you know it's a movie if
Tao behind
it if Tao not shooting your video dude
it's not a video dude you got M
up me and Steph gonna kick the
D
slime most hat it [__] too crazy look at
the eats shit's too
crazy n this [__] look
a bro me and doop need to shoot this
[__] F probably got to go to the
a
yeah your [__]
done I'm Tak think my mom doing it too
all
right my [__] about to run
up wake
up
[__] [__] because he [__] I because I
make more than they spend r that for you
rocking real expensive fit say we been
[__] I just I've been a [__] for the
watch out we going to take your [__]
take your [__] watch out for the things
I said that he can't
[Applause]
hang yo R bro
got the bathroom right here
pull up a pull up over
here come even closer like right on the
edge type
[__]
yeah yeah that's
crazy [__] because I make more than
they spent I told rette
F Pinterest is her
friend
yeah yeah that's F that's f
yeah hey we just shot we not like we
already hit the studio now probably in
like 10
minutes that's where we shot that
[__] this whole [__] they going to put
that on like my
network this is his house like no it's
not my bro that's better for me I yeah
not make the spot hot for him yeah
please don't I'm going to make it hot
just don't get the just don't get the
numbers outside the
house y everything else is totally
cool last I the net SP super fans
pulling up to my crib I'll [__] kill
somebody we not like go never we could
do it tomorrow too or tomorrow no I'm
with Tom in the Fri
fried I'm not fried DJ R fried fried I
ain't never been
[Music]
[Applause]
fried hey what's up hold on but you can
call me Evan nice to meet you
he's close let's go
[Music]
Wisconsin hey come on now nothing
but more
everybody everybody
[Music]
even remember you it was like mad short
oh yeah Matt
short
[__] [__]
[Music]
bro trying hear what you cooking trying
to hear this what you cooking right now
yeah yeah this
[__] as we
[Music]
want he just told he just showed me how
to close the whole studio he's like we
good this B up tonight how do I how do I
like
is